a huge hello to everyone and today we have
will be so at the request of my some
subscriber asked me to make a video tag
I hope my wardrobe is what I found
correct questions of this tag
but in any case I will answer exactly
those questions that I found them will be
seven
these questions well let's begin the first
the question is the oldest thing in my
wardrobe of course i have a very
old things in the wardrobe that are stored
somewhere there I don't know some bins but
Of course, these things will not show me
show you the oldest thing of those
which I which I wear and still and
this thing is such jeans
ordinary jeans can say it even
such dzhekins and because they just
super duper skin-tight and I bought them
probably in 2010 in my year that is
4 probably already even in
principle can say almost five years
back the store Gloria Jeans and still
they are absolutely in perfect condition i
Of course I don’t wear them often
I still wear them because they
very nice to sit on a beautiful figure
emphasize and still have their
presentable appearance and so we go
next is the newest thing
my wardrobe
but surely you have already seen my new
things were there if you were following my vlogs
but I will show you one of these newest
the things that you bought recently are you
such here leggings from the store in New York
they come with leather inserts very i
Loved the last time leggings
this is a very very handy thing to everyone all
I advise at any time of the year especially at
it's colder like now
great leggings and this is my
the newest thing in the wardrobe
But I think that they are waiting for me too soon
new things further the most expensive thing of my
wardrobe
surely
expensive things my wardrobe is
is an
but outerwear because they think and
so it is clear that outerwear is always
costs much more than the rest and
I'll show you the most different one now.
the thing in the wardrobe is of course
such a coat is a coat with a present
fur is natural here it is
the scribe and it was worth it in my coat no I
I don't remember exactly, but I think about 16,000
here is a winter coat but very very warm
so this is my dearest
my wardrobe thing
so comes next further is the most
the cheapest thing is my wardrobe but the most
the cheap things in the wardrobe are
of course some boys or
tee shirt but here and so offhand
Has found the cheapest this is a shirt
From the store Gloria Jeans, I bought it
oh this and she was still there
sale at that time, and probably for
I bought my shirt for 100 rubles
I believe so but let's
this will be my cheapest thing
my wardrobe
next is my best buy for
its the best buy me
will have to go down but here I am
here and my best buy is
there were such wonderful boots
They are from genuine leather from genuine
suede leather then there suede
natural fur inside
why it seemed the most profitable
purchase and the fact is that initially the price
These boots were in my seven with
half night about 8 thousand rubles but
I bought for only five thousand rubles
because there was only one
the size that is of the type and therefore the price was
discounted since the size was left alone and
it was just my size 38 and therefore
I can safely consider this purchase well
probably 1
of those most profitable
because the quality is good all
natural and they are very warm and
comfortable winter boots
very nice cool look further
the next question is the most unprofitable
buying from my wardrobe and the most not
bargain my wardrobe well
you know, it will probably be this one
payment of course now absolutely
nothing is clear how it looks on
hanger and maybe it looks at all
awful but on the figure but it looks
good enough this dress is me
ordered the site lamoda
and why I think this dress and this
purchase
most unfavorable in the first place because I
I think that the price of this dress was but
definitely say so overstated because
that she's kind of not bad but of course
same stuff here
but so cheap enough and I think
which could have been much cheaper to buy
like a dress and and also this purchase I
I consider it unprofitable and because it cost on
Well, not really really cheap but it's
I plan to wear a dress only
only one time for a new year
Well, there is a party I do not know if I will
still wear it sometime
schedule these at once for New Year
corporate on a hanger but it looks
very really somehow useless but on the figure
she looks good but nonetheless
nothing else came to mind
This question except this dress well
and the last question is my favorite
three wardrobe things in general actually
I love almost all my stuff
which I wear is not my way
like it but the question was so what
need to choose exactly 3 and 3 I can
choose this first you are such a skirt and
from bershka shop
I love her very much
first she has a beautiful color I just
I love this one color and do not like
her styles and texture and and fabric as she
Made in the back such a lock here in front
pockets and and here it is
uneven she has such a cut I love but
things with some interesting cut
for example in this skirt there is a jagged edge
below it will be with such a smell
looks very stylish and very cool
the same again costs my my darling
red sweater i just adore him
very cozy again he has a very
an interesting cut in front of the water and let us go
shorter in front it is longer and
also made such a triangle on
one side also here is a zipper on the side and she
stretched altogether very cozy
cool sweater I just love it and
another my favorite thing that I
also recently acquired a store
new york this is the same feather chick he
very cool tarragon it is very soft and
very nice when I don’t wear it
somehow it's very warm in it very comfortable
I like him madly and it seems to me
her he really goes i like him
they look i'm so stylish well not
I know I like it very much and generally
probably at the moment it's just
the most most my favorite thing
but that's all, but such was the top
I hope that you liked him write
please your comments can also
answer in the comments to the questions of this
tag write your favorite things from your
wardrobe will be very interesting to me
read and learn something new for
myself but i thank all my
subscribers thank you all for seeing
This video and all bye